and Hello to you again this kamikaze
again tutorial and present today
the issue will be dedicated to the exchange room
you will need it only on the server and
only if the plugin is worth
for sharing how does it work here set
sides you throw
any resources that is for example
torch I want to exchange well on the other hand
another lesson throws risk resources too
who he wants to exchange these resources
who threw you like redstone
accordingly presses the lever in sign
consent to the exchange
second player do the same and how
see the pistons work and the resources
fall up and through the water enters
already us yes as you understand this works
the diagram on already shown by me bugs with
moving resources vertically on
unspecified number of blocks
built on very just need everything
only 4 sticky pistons also two levers and
little redstone
we also how many two torches not even three
torch hardly Peter and a bucket of water
and for the nameplate we are all witty okay
let's start building first thing
let's make such a snake from any blocks
i just like golden blocks i'm from
there are a lot of them that matter now here
in the middle of this snake we put the piston on
them blocks then we also put blocks here
so turn on the day on these blocks we set
piston from another country also put
block we put on it, too, the piston and
these guys, too, fasten blocks
that is, whether or not let them be
gold blocks
next we have to do the wall walls
you should already be or you should be them too
will build I do not know at all but this
the scheme is one very big minus
is that you do not see
how much
items threw blog my threw player
for exchange
although you can read them just as an example
seeing how many times will happen
from this action let's show
You see what they start to fly out
and in principle you can even try
count them by the way I have a mod
3 yes it is probably noticed by us
I put it on the client for our
server as it is impossible to lay
that is, you can not even put there
Here are all the shaders, he will immediately
perry download elk costs protection
they will not tell you to 50
what kind of protection is it and why is it necessary yes
by the way i forgot to comment
comment on my action on
golden blocks we have to put the glass
and checking the glass already make a ceiling out
any other blocks or glass
although it is better not yet opaque
any blocks then do 2 ceiling
a block higher than the ceiling
directly together with together
discarding things and now we
let's get down to redstone and that's it now
all is ready
put here well I like to put the lamp
when using levers or buttons to
it was clear that the lever or button
activated well can you not
do all the more on the server you all
there may not be such resources
here of course we put on these blocks
leverage
Further
opposite the pistons we put the block here too
we put 2 blocks we put redstone
put redstone should put a diet
everything is now doing a notch and there
we also put redstone, that is, we put a block
grind Peter and under this block set
redstone
now we do the same here
here it is ready further here we put the torch
and spend liston like this
we come from this side is our block
do the same thing here we put the same block
on his torch that is to say we have this
big logical element and yourself
you see and it seems to be all but no, we still
didn't do the most important thing namely we didn't
did the transportation of blocks by
no vertical horizontally
it is done very simply break here
block take a sign where we have a sign
set me doing the same with the other
parties
is ready
Now
here we go through the middle but it
obviously and around it do bumpers
then take a bucket of water can glory
Better with water according to the version and here
do the same
pour water
but ready
here we close well and for aesthetics
again you can put glu here
stone because if the exchange will be
occur at night or if you have a city
underground, the light will not interfere and think to
see example set the night is deep
night here we have a little light
that room seems to be ready let's
check performance
leave the resources do the same with the other
parties
is ready
push the lever on this side
I repeat once again that is this bug
version works
145 as I said at 15 that is in
Redstone update which should go on
New Year's Eve
about fixed all these bugs i.e.
about fix so this scheme may already
don't work we start leverage again
here are our torches floated and accordingly
other stones stand also emerged applied
on this all here is such a simple little scheme
she looks a little inconspicuous of that
that the pistons are visible but it consumes
few resources and quite useful but with
you were x mikaze subscribe if
Do you want to rate this leave
your comments and play on the server
all old link to me in the description
join groups by the way about groups
VKontakte video I do not post anymore
I will for vkontakte changed their
video sharing strategy with youtube and now
view and do not count if you
watch videos from the contact
many bloggers have stopped doing this and but
and i'm no exception
for viewing for discussions
that's how
matter
so there will rather be writing just
news related to our channel
well and all good and see you again